Easy:
1.List all transactions made by customers along with their total amount.

2.Fetch the details of all female customers from the customer table.

3.Find all transactions where the total amount is greater than 5000.

4.Get the total quantity of products sold in each product category.

5.Find the number of customers from each city.


6.Calculate the total revenue generated by each store type.


7.Retrieve all transactions made by customers born after 1990.


8.Find the most sold product sub-category.



9.List the total tax collected for each product category.



10. Find all transactions where the rate is higher than the average rate of all products.


11.Display customer details along with the total amount they have spent.


12. Get the details of the top 3 customers who spent the most.


Medium:

1. Find the total revenue generated by each city and store type.


2. Find the customers who have purchased products from more than 2 different product categories.


3. Identify the product sub-category that generates the highest revenue.



4. List all customers who have made transactions worth more than 10,000 in total.


5. Find the total quantity of products sold in each city.


6. Retrieve the details of customers who have purchased from all product categories.



7. Find the average revenue per transaction for each store type.


8. List the top 3 cities that generated the highest total revenue.



9. Get the monthly revenue generated by each product category.

10. Find the percentage of total revenue contributed by each product category.


11. List customers who have never made a transaction.


12. Retrieve the details of the youngest customer who made a transaction.




Advanced:

1. Identify customers who have made transactions in every store type.



2. Find the product sub-category with the highest average revenue per transaction.



3. Retrieve the top 3 customers who spent the most in each store type.



4. Calculate the year-over-year revenue growth for each product category.


5. List the customers who have only ever purchased products from a single product category.


6. Identify the store type that has the highest revenue-to-tax ratio.


7. Find the most profitable product category in each city.



8. Determine which age group (e.g., 20-30, 30-40) contributes the most to revenue.



9. Find customers who have consistently made transactions every month in the last year.



10. Get the contribution of each city to the total revenue, expressed as a percentage.

